[Autogenerated] in this clip, we'll talk about surfing the Internet.
Now,
with the popularity of Windows 10 there's many users
that are really new to the Internet,
so this may be the first time you're being exposed to some
of the information that's out there.
So really much of information in this clip is designed to
help ones that are new to the Internet.
Now you may have several devices in your home or
workplace that are used every day.
Now, when you throw in a switch or router,
these devices can connect to one another and then you have a network.
So whether you're at home, your place of work,
we're just using public WiFi when you connect to the network.
All of the device is connected to that same access
point are part of the same network.
Not being connected to a network does not in itself guarantee.
Did you have access to the Internet?
It's only when you're access.
Point has a connection to the Internet that your devices
come benefit from that Internet connection.
Now you'll find that on your Windows 10 device,
there's many applications that benefit and require a passive
Internet connection to be able to pull down sports data or
weather or the latest news stories.
Other applications require an Internet connection to pull down email and
yet others to provide the latest social network updates.
Besides these passive Internet connections that you device may enjoy,
we all like to surf the Internet.
Nobody means of the Internet.
We have access to an incredible amount of information,
some of it very useful, some of it not so much.
The challenge is locating the information that we
need now to make this productive.
We have a variety of tools at our disposal.
There's many different Web browsers that are available.
Some popular choices include Chrome, Firefox,
Internet Explorer and, of course, with Windows 10.
Microsoft Edge has been introduced as the latest Web
browser for Microsoft devices.
So regardless of the Web browser you use,
many basic features are gonna be the same across all of those now,
Most website addresses look something like this.
Www dot Microsoft dot com Now, generally, Web browsers will assume the W.
W.
W is there, so you can simply type in Microsoft dot com and, well, thank you.
The website.
Now, many times when we start browsing the Web.
We don't know where to find the thing that we're looking for.
So that's where we rely on search engines.
So when you browse the Web, you may start with a popular search engine.
You may go with being, or maybe Google.
Or maybe you have your own favorite now,
while there are many different search engines,
essentially, they all perform the same basic function.
Type in keywords and launch your search.
So let's say we're looking for a new tablet for Windows 10.
So tablet and Windows 10 would certainly give me relevant
results if I wanted to be more specific.
And let's say I want to look for surface tablets for Windows 10.
Just buy it in the word surface.
It really narrows down my results.
And Web browsers generally would provide filters that
you further refine your results.
And one last tip something to be aware of is that while search
engines very on how they present the results,
how they find the information out there in the
Internet that they present to you, some results are influenced by advertisers,
and most search engines will tag these and let you know this is an ad.
Hopefully that provide you with some basic information.
Could you start in surfing the Web?
And I encourage you to watch some of the other clips we have
devoted to Microsoft Edge to get the most of your surfing
experience with this new Web browser.
In this clip, we've looked at surfing the Internet. Thanks for watching, and I look forward to seeing you in the next clip.